add contribution guidelines (#16)
aquasecurity/vuln-list-update: CONTRIBUTING.md

> Thank you for taking interest in contributing to Trivy !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for taking interest in contributing to vuln-list-update !
```
